[MIG][18.0] hr_contract_update_overtime (#227)
OCA/hr-attendance: hr_contract_update_overtime/readme/CONTEXT.md

> This module was developed because in certain cases, you want to
> Update Overtime of your Employees.
> 
> It will be useful for you if you activate contracts module after attendance.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** this makes it clearer why the module is _really_ needed:

```suggestion
Under some circumstances, Odoo fails to calculate employee overtime correctly.
Examples:
- When you enable HR contracts in your database after using attendances for some time.
- When some change in a contract's working schedule should affect the result of overtime in past attendances.

This module was developed to fix that problem.
```
